MockUp Theory
Firstly, to initiate the project, I would require the following detail:

1. Analyze mockup design: Attached mockup will provide a reference for understanding client visual expectations. It helps the developer with desired layout and interactive components.

2. Assets: I would check out if the client has provided all the necessary assets such as images, icons, logos, gifs for the mockup. Having these assets readily available ensures that the final product matches the client's expectations.

3. Functional requirements and documentation: I would engage in a discussion with the client to clarify any functional requirements or specific features they want to be included. This step helps me to understand essential constrain such as the project's scope and aids in planning the development process effectively.

4. Preferred technology and traffic: It is essential to determine the client's Preferred technology, including programming languages, framework, or CMS(If they needed; not in this mockup), and how much traffic they are having currently or expected regular traffic.

after gathering all the necessary information, proceed with the following steps to build the code.

1. Development environment: I would set up a development environment as per project requirements. This involves configuring the appropriate software and tools.

2. HTML structure: I would start with converting the design into a semantic HTML market to build the project. I would pay attention to detail by using appropriate HTML tags to ensure accessibility and search engine optimization.

3. CSS styling: after the HTML structure start applying CSS with detailed attention to spacing, color, font style, font size, and layout as per design specification. after the main screen is done I would start work on responsive design to adapt mockup to any screen size.

4. JavaScript functionality: If the mockup has any interactive elements or dynamic features; I would implement the necessary javascript code to achieve client-side functionality.

5. Testing and debugging: To deliver high-quality output and user experience must to test the website; if bugs are found or errors in the console got a chance to debug and to make it better and user-friendly.

6. Collaboration: After completing the initial build, share with the client and get their valuable feedback. Listen to their suggestion and incorporate revisions to achieve their desired outcome. This collaboration process will help to receive the final product that aligns with the client's vision.

In summary, following developement path will help to deliver a high-quality final product that meets the client's expectations.